This is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may not be available in your region. Fellow Binancians, Based on recent reviews, more tokens will be added to the current Monitoring Tag list . The newly added tokens on 2023-10-04 are:&nbsp; Beta Finance (BETA) BarnBridge (BOND) Waltonchain (WTC) NEM (XEM) Monitoring Tag tokens exhibit notably higher volatility and risks compared to other listed tokens. These tokens are closely monitored, with regular reviews conducted. Keep in mind that tokens with the Monitoring Tag are at risk of no longer meeting our listing criteria and being delisted from the platform. To gain trading access to tokens marked with the Monitoring Tag, users will need to pass the corresponding quizzes every 90 days on the Binance Spot and/or Binance Margin platforms, and accept the Terms of Use . The quizzes are set up to ensure users are aware of the risks before trading the tokens with Monitoring Tags. Users may find Monitoring Tags on the corresponding Binance Spot and Binance Margin trading pages, as well as on the Markets Overview page. A risk warning banner will also be displayed for all tokens with Monitoring Tags. Binance will conduct periodic project reviews and decide if the Monitoring Tag should be added to or removed from tokens as per its latest findings. These criteria are considered during the review: Commitment of team to project Level and quality of development activity Trading volume and liquidity Stability and safety of network from attacks Network / smart contract stability Level of public communication Responsiveness to our periodic due diligence requests Evidence of unethical/fraudulent conduct or negligence Contribution to a healthy and sustainable crypto ecosystem Please note: Other services related to the tokens will not be affected.&nbsp; The Monitoring tagging for these tokens will be updated shortly after the publishing of this announcement. Where any discrepancy arise between the translated versions and the original English version, the English version shall prevail. We thank you for your support as we continue to build the crypto ecosystem in a way that promotes transparency and long-term, sustainable growth. Thanks for your support! Binance Team 2023-10-04