Note: Please do your own research before making any trades for the aforementioned tokens outside Binance to avoid any scams and ensure safety of your funds. This is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may not be available in your region. Fellow Binancians, &nbsp; Binance will list Maple Finance (SYRUP) and Kamino Finance (KMNO) and open trading for the following spot trading pairs at 2025-05-06 15:00 (UTC) .&nbsp; New Spot Trading Pairs: SYRUP /USDT, SYRUP /USDC, KMNO /USDT, and KMNO /USDC.&nbsp; Users can start depositing SYRUP and KMNO in preparation for trading one hour later . Withdrawals will open at 2025-05-07 15:00 (UTC) . Listing Fee: 0 BNB. SYRUP Smart Contracts :&nbsp; Ethereum (0x643C4E15d7d62Ad0aBeC4a9BD4b001aA3Ef52d66) Base (0x688AEe022AA544f150678B8E5720b6b96a9E9a2F) KMNO Smart Contract :&nbsp; Solana (KMNo3nJsBXfcpJTVhZcXLW7RmTwTt4GVFE7suUBo9sS) *Please note that SYRUP ( LINK ) and KMNO ( LINK ) are already listed on Binance Alpha Market, but SYRUP and KMNO will no longer be showcased on Binance Alpha after spot trading opens, and its trading volume will no longer be counted towards Alpha Points . Notes: Key highlights for Binance Alpha users: Users can transfer their SYRUP and KMNO from Alpha Accounts to Spot Accounts 1 hour after this announcement.&nbsp; SYRUP and KMNO will be delisted from Binance Alpha when spot trading opens on Binance Spot. Users will be able to continue to sell SYRUP and KMNO via Binance Alpha.&nbsp; After SYRUP and KMNO are delisted from Binance Alpha, users can still view their SYRUP and KMNO balances on their Alpha Accounts, and transfer them to Spot Accounts to continue trading on Binance Spot. Binance will transfer SYRUP and KMNO from users’ Alpha Accounts to Spot Accounts at 06:00 UTC, one working day after spot listing . Binance Alpha serves as a pre-listing token selection pool. Once a project featured on Binance Alpha is listed on Binance Spot, asset(s) will no longer be showcased on Binance Alpha. The seed tag will be applied to SYRUP and KMNO. The withdrawal open time is an estimated time for users’ reference. Users can view the actual status of withdrawals on the withdrawal page. Spot Algo Orders will also be enabled for the aforementioned pairs at 2025-05-06 15:00 (UTC) , while Trading Bots &amp; Spot Copy Trading will be enabled within 24 hours of it being listed on Spot. For users with running Spot Copy Trading portfolios, pairs can be included by enabling them in the [Personal Pair Preference] section of the Spot Copy Trading settings. There may be discrepancies between this original content in English and any translated versions. Please refer to the original English version for the most accurate information, in case any discrepancies arise. What Is Maple Finance (SYRUP) Maple Finance is an on-chain institutional lending platform. What Is Kamino Finance (KMNO) Kamino Finance is the leading borrow/lend protocol on Solana that offers a wide range of yield and liquidity solutions. Important Notes SYRUP and KMNO are relatively new tokens that pose a higher than normal risk, and will likely be subject to high price volatility. Users must exercise sufficient risk management and DYOR (do your own research) to fully understand the projects before opting to trade the tokens. Seed tags represent innovative projects that may exhibit higher volatility and risks compared to other listed tokens. Seed tags will be applied to SYRUP and KMNO . To gain trading access to tokens marked with seed tags, users will need to pass the corresponding quizzes every 90 days on the Binance Spot and/or Binance Margin platforms, and accept the Terms of Use . The quizzes are set up to ensure users are aware of the risks before trading the tokens with seed tags. Users may find seed tags on the corresponding Binance Spot and Binance Margin trading pages, as well as on the Markets Overview page. A risk warning banner will also be displayed for all tokens with seed tags.&nbsp; Additional Information Maple Finance Website Kamino Finance Website Binance Trading Fees Binance Trading Rules Trading of the aforementioned new trading pair(s) is subject to eligibility based on the user's country or region of residence. Please note that the list of restricted countries provided below may be changed from time to time, due to mandatory changes in applicable laws and regulations, or other changes relevant to the trading eligibility of these new trading pair(s). Users need to complete account verification to participate in the trading of these new trading pair(s). Currently, users residing in the following countries or regions will not be able to trade the above-mentioned spot trading pair(s): Canada, Cuba, Crimea Region, Iran, Netherlands, North Korea, Syria, United States of America and its territories (American Samoa, Guam, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, the U.S. Virgin Islands), and any non-government controlled areas of Ukraine. Please note that this list may be updated periodically to accommodate changes in legal, regulatory, or other factors. &nbsp; Thank you for your support! Binance Team 2025-05-06&nbsp; Disclaimers: USDC is an e-money token issued by Circle Internet Financial Europe SAS ( https://www.circle.com/ ). USDC’s whitepaper is available here . You may contact Circle using the following contact information: +33(1)59000130 and EEA-Customer-Support@circle.com .&nbsp; Holders of USDC have a legal claim against Circle SAS as the EU issuer of USDC. These holders are entitled to request redemption of their USDC from Circle SAS. Such redemption will be made at any time and at par value.