Fellow Binancians, Binance will list ORDI (ORDI) and open trading for these spot trading pairs at 2023-11-07 10:00 (UTC) :&nbsp;&nbsp; New Spot Trading Pairs: ORDI/BTC, ORDI/USDT, ORDI/TRY Users can now start depositing ORDI in preparation for trading Withdrawals for ORDI will open at 2023-11-08 06:30 (UTC) ORDI Listing Fee: 0 BNB In addition, Binance will add ORDI as a new borrowable asset with this new margin pair on Isolated Margin, within 48 hours from 2023-11-07 10:00 (UTC) :&nbsp; New Isolated Margin Pair : ORDI/USDT Please refer to Margin Data for a list of the most updated marginable assets and further information on specific limits and rates. Notes: The Seed Tag will be applied to ORDI. TRY is a fiat currency and does not represent any other digital currencies. The withdrawal open time is an estimated time for users’ reference. Users can view the actual status of withdrawals on the withdrawal page. Where any discrepancy arises between the translated versions and the original English version, the English version shall prevail. ORDI Deposits Activity From the time of this announcement to the start of trading, the first 1,000 users who deposit at least 72 ORDI , will be eligible for a reward of 50 USDT Trading Fee Rebate Voucher each. Notes: Only regular and VIP 1-3 users from qualified regions shall be eligible for the rewards. Trading Fee Rebate Voucher rewards will be distributed within 14 days after the Activity ends. Users will be able to login and redeem their voucher rewards via Profile &gt; Rewards Hub .&nbsp; The vouchers will expire within two weeks after distribution. Eligible users should claim their vouchers before the expiration date. Learn how to redeem a voucher . Binance will combine sub-accounts’ deposit volume with the master account’s standard deposit volume in the final calculation. Binance reserves the right at any time in its sole and absolute discretion to determine and/or amend or vary these Activity Terms without prior notice, including but not limited to canceling, extending, terminating or suspending this Activity, its eligibility terms and criteria, the selection and number of winners, and the timing of any act to be done, and all users shall be bound by these amendments. What Is ORDI (ORDI)? ORDI is the first token created in accordance with the BRC-20 fungible token standard on the Bitcoin blockchain. &nbsp;Reminder: ORDI is a relatively new token that poses a higher than normal risk, and as such will likely be subject to high price volatility. Please ensure that you exercise sufficient risk management, have done your own research in regards to ORDI’s fundamentals, and fully understand the project before opting to trade the token. The Seed Tag represents innovative projects that may exhibit higher volatility and risks compared to other listed tokens. The Seed Tag will be applied to ORDI. To gain trading access to the tokens marked with Seed Tag, users will need to pass the corresponding quizzes every 90 days on the Binance Spot and/or Binance Margin platforms, and accept the Terms of Use . The quizzes are set up to ensure users are aware of the risks before trading the tokens with the Seed Tags. Users may find the Seed Tags on the corresponding Binance Spot and Binance Margin trading pages, as well as on the Markets Overview page. A risk warning banner will also be displayed for all tokens with the Seed Tags.&nbsp; Details: ORDI Contract ORDI Explorer Fees Rules Thanks for your support! Binance Team 2023-11-07 Note : This announcement was last updated on 2023-11-27 to amend the hyperlinks for the ORDI contract and blockchain explorer. It was previously updated on 2023-11-09 to add clarifications on rewards distribution, and was also updated on 2023-11-08.