Note: Please do your own research before making any trades for the aforementioned tokens outside Binance to avoid any scams and ensure safety of your funds. This is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may not be available in your region. Fellow Binancians, Binance will list 币安人生 (币安人生) and zkPass (ZKP) and open trading for the following spot trading pairs at 2026-01-07 14:00 (UTC) . New Spot Trading Pairs: 币安人生 /USDT, 币安人生 /USDC, 币安人生 /TRY, ZKP /USDT, ZKP /USDC, and ZKP /TRY.&nbsp; Users can start depositing 币安人生 , ZKP in preparation for trading one hour later . Withdrawals will open at 2026-01-07 12:30 (UTC) . Listing Fee: 0 BNB. 币安人生 Smart Contract :&nbsp; BNB Smart Chain (0x924fa68a0FC644485b8df8AbfA0A41C2e7744444) zkPass Smart Contract: Ethereum (0xe1be424f442d0687129128c6c38aace44f8c8dbc) BNB Smart Chain (0xd89B7dD376E671c124352267516BEF1C2cc231a3)&nbsp; Base (0xc6c1be6c6d828f9cea70f1b8351879510fbf0065) An additional 30,000,000 ZKP will be allocated into future marketing campaigns. Details will be shown in separate announcements. *Please note that users can now trade 币安人生 and ZKP on Binance Alpha Market. However, once spot trading opens, 币安人生 and ZKP will no longer be showcased on Binance Alpha, and its trading volume will no longer be counted towards Alpha Points . Notes: TRY is fiat currency and does not represent any other digital currencies, and TRY pairs will only be available on Binance TR . Key highlights for Binance Alpha users: Users can transfer their 币安人生 and ZKP from Alpha Accounts to Spot Accounts when spot trading starts. 币安人生 and ZKP will be delisted from Binance Alpha when spot trading opens on Binance Spot. Users will be able to continue to sell 币安人生 and ZKP via Binance Alpha.&nbsp; After 币安人生 and ZKP is delisted from Binance Alpha, users can still view their 币安人生 and ZKP balance on their Alpha Accounts, and transfer them to Spot Accounts to continue trading on Binance Spot. Binance will transfer 币安人生 and ZKP from users’ Alpha Accounts to Spot Accounts within 24 hours. Binance Alpha serves as a pre-listing token selection pool. Once a project featured on Binance Alpha is listed on Binance Spot, asset(s) will no longer be showcased on Binance Alpha. The seed tag will be applied to 币安人生 and ZKP.&nbsp; The withdrawal open time is an estimated time for users’ reference. Users can view the actual status of withdrawals on the withdrawal page. Spot Algo Orders will also be enabled for the aforementioned pairs at 2026-01-07 14:00 (UTC) , while Trading Bots &amp; Spot Copy Trading will be enabled within 24 hours of it being listed on Spot. For users with running Spot Copy Trading portfolios, pairs can be included by enabling them in the [Personal Pair Preference] section of the Spot Copy Trading settings. There may be discrepancies in the translated version of this original article in English. Please reference this original version for the latest or most accurate information where any discrepancies may arise. Please note the CHANGELOG update on 2025-12-17: “When calling endpoints that require signatures, percent-encode payloads before computing signatures.” Therefore, 币安人生 must be percent-encoded first and then the signature should be computed. Percent-encoded signature examples can be found here .&nbsp; What Is 币安人生 (币安人生) 币安人生 is a memecoin on BNB Chain. What Is zkPass ZKP zkPass is a decentralized oracle protocol that transforms private internet data into verifiable proofs on-chain. Important Notes 币安人生 and ZKP are relatively new tokens that poses a higher than normal risk, and will likely be subject to high price volatility. Users must exercise sufficient risk management and DYOR (do your own research) to fully understand the projects before opting to trade the tokens. Seed tags represent innovative projects that may exhibit higher volatility and risks compared to other listed tokens. Seed tag will be applied to 币安人生 and ZKP . To gain trading access to tokens marked with seed tag, users will need to pass the corresponding quizzes every 90 days on the Binance Spot and/or Binance Margin platforms, and accept the Terms of Use . The quizzes are set up to ensure users are aware of the risks before trading the tokens with the Seed Tags. Users may find seed tags on the corresponding Binance Spot and Binance Margin trading pages, as well as on the Markets Overview page. A risk warning banner will also be displayed for all tokens with the Seed Tags.&nbsp; Additional Information zkPass Website Binance Trading Fees Binance Trading Parameters Trading of the aforementioned new trading pair(s) is subject to eligibility based on the user's country or region of residence. Please note that the list of restricted countries provided below may be changed from time to time, due to mandatory changes in applicable laws and regulations, or other changes relevant to the trading eligibility of these new trading pair(s). Users need to complete account verification to participate in the trading of these new trading pair(s). Currently, users residing in the following countries or regions will not be able to trade the above-mentioned spot trading pairs: Canada, Cuba, Crimea Region, Iran, Netherlands, North Korea, Syria, United States of America and its territories (American Samoa, Guam, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, the U.S. Virgin Islands), and any non-government controlled areas of Ukraine. Please note that this list may be updated periodically to accommodate changes in legal, regulatory, or other factors. Thank you for your support! Binance Team 2026-01-07&nbsp; Note: This announcement was updated on 2026-01-08 to update the future marketing campaign budget to 30,000,000 ZKP. USDC is an e-money token issued by Circle Internet Financial Europe SAS (https://www.circle.com/). USDC’s whitepaper is available here . You may contact Circle using the following contact information: +33(1)59000130 and EEA-Customer-Support@circle.com.&nbsp; Holders of USDC have a legal claim against Circle SAS as the EU issuer of USDC. These holders are entitled to request redemption of their USDC from Circle SAS. Such redemption will be made at any time and at par value.