Fellow Binancians, Binance will list Neutron (NTRN) and open trading for these spot trading pairs at 2023-10-10 12:00 (UTC) :&nbsp; New Spot Trading Pairs: NTRN/BTC, NTRN/USDT, NTRN/BNB Users can now start&nbsp;depositing NTRN in preparation for trading Withdrawals for NTRN will open at 2023-10-11 12:00 (UTC) NTRN Listing Fee: 0 BNB &nbsp; In addition, Binance will add NTRN as a new borrowable asset with this new margin pair on Isolated Margin, within 48 hours from 2023-10-10 12:00 (UTC) : New Isolated Margin Pair: NTRN /USDT Please refer to &nbsp; Margin Data for a list of the most updated marginable assets and further information on specific limits and rates. &nbsp; Notes: The Seed Tag will be applied to NTRN. The withdrawal open time is an estimated time for users’ reference. Users can view the actual status of withdrawals on the withdrawal page. Where any discrepancy arises between the translated versions and the original English version, the English version shall prevail. What Is Neutron (NTRN)? Neutron allows developers to easily build cross-chain applications over Inter-Blockchain Communication Protocol (IBC) and provides DeFi dApps with the full economic security of the Cosmos Hub. Reminder : &nbsp; NTRN&nbsp;is a relatively new token that poses a higher than normal risk, and as such will likely be subject to high price volatility. Please ensure that you exercise sufficient risk management, have done your own research in regards to NTRN’s fundamentals, and fully understand the project before opting to trade the token. The Seed Tag &nbsp;represents innovative project that may exhibit higher volatility and risks compared to other listed tokens.&nbsp;The Seed Tag &nbsp;will be applied to NTRN . To gain trading access to the tokens marked with Seed Tag, users will need to pass the corresponding quizzes every 90 days on the Binance Spot and/or Binance Margin platforms, and accept the Terms of Use . The quizzes are set up to ensure users are aware of the risks before trading the tokens with the Seed Tags. Users may find the Seed Tags on the corresponding Binance Spot and Binance Margin trading pages, as well as on the Markets Overview page. A risk warning banner will also be displayed for all tokens with the Seed Tags.&nbsp; &nbsp; Details: Neutron Website Neutron Whitepaper Neutron GitHub Neutron Explorer Fees Rules Thanks for your support! Binance Team 2023-10-10