This is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may not be available in your region. Fellow Binancians, Binance values community input and recognizes that it is a key driving force in the course of our development. We previously introduced two community co-governance listing mechanisms, Vote to List and Vote to Delist , as part of our efforts to enhance our listing governance and give the community a greater voice.&nbsp; We now invite users to participate and vote on the second batch of Vote to Delist projects under the official post on Binance Square Official (the post will be live within 30 minutes of publishing this announcement). Users can vote for projects with the Monitoring Tag in the Vote to Delist pool that they wish to be delisted. While the community will play a greater role, the voting result will not be the sole deciding factor to determine the final delisting decision, which is subject to the official review process . Please note, when Binance conducts delisting reviews, we consider a variety of other factors including:&nbsp; Vote to Delist results Commitment of team to project Level and quality of development activity Trading volume and liquidity Stability and safety of network from attacks Level of public communication, community engagement, and transparency Responsiveness to our periodic due diligence requests Evidence of unethical/fraudulent conduct or negligence New regulatory requirements Material/unjustified increase in token supply or changes to tokenomics Impact from changes to the project’s ownership structure or to the core team members Community sentiments We suggest that users take these factors into consideration before voting. How to Vote: The voting period will begin within 30 minutes of publishing this announcement and last for seven days from 2025-04-10 04:00 (UTC) to 2025-04-16 23:59 (UTC) (the “Voting Period”). Users must be logged in to their verified Binance accounts and hold a minimum of 0.01 BNB across their exchange accounts throughout the Voting Period for their votes to be eligible. Each user can vote for up to 5 projects in the Vote to Delist pool during the Voting Period, with the option to vote for fewer if desired.&nbsp; Each verified account can only allocate one vote per project . All votes should comply with the Vote to Delist Terms and Conditions (the “Terms and Condition”). Non-eligible votes and votes that violated the Terms and Conditions will be eliminated at the end of the Voting Period. Projects that have already been announced for delisting prior to this voting round will not be included in Vote to Delist. Only votes cast under the official post on Binance Square Official will be considered and counted. Results will be updated in real-time on the Binance Square Official channel. However, these results are not final .&nbsp; Voting Period : 2025-04-10 04:00 (UTC) to 2025-04-16 23:59 (UTC) Vote Now Disclaimer: While we value and will take into consideration the vote results, the voting result will not be the sole deciding factor to determine the final delisting decision. Monitoring of the project is still undergoing evaluation, and the decision will be determined by Binance based on our official review processes and standards. Additionally, the delisting timeline will depend on Binance's procedures. Vote to Delist (Hereinafter Activity) Terms and Conditions: Participation is subject to eligibility based on the user's country or region of residence. This Activity may not be available in your region. Illegally bulk-registered accounts or sub-accounts are not eligible to participate and will be removed at the end of the vote. Binance reserves the right to cancel a user’s eligibility in this activity if the account is involved in any behavior that breaches the terms. Binance reserves the right, at any time in its sole and absolute discretion, to determine and/or amend or vary these terms and conditions without prior notice, including but not limited to canceling, extending, terminating, or suspending this Activity, the eligibility terms and criteria, the selection, and the timing of any act to be done. All participants shall be bound by these amendments. Binance reserves the right to disqualify any participants who tamper with Binance program code or interfere with the operation of Binance program code with other software. Binance reserves the right of final interpretation of this Activity. Additional Activity terms and conditions can be accessed here . Participation is subject to eligibility based on the user's country or region of residence.&nbsp; Please note that the list of excluded countries provided below is not exhaustive and may be subject to changes due to evolving local rules, regulations, or other considerations.&nbsp; Currently, users residing in the following countries or regions but not limited will not be able to participate in the vote: Albania, Australia, Bahrain, Brazil, Canada, Crimea Region, Cuba, Cyprus, El Salvador, Germany, Gibraltar, Iran, Ireland, Japan, Kazakhstan, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nigeria, North Korea, Philippines, Portugal, Russia, Serbia, Singapore, Syria, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, United States of America and its territories (American Samoa, Guam, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, the U.S. Virgin Islands), and any non-government controlled areas of Ukraine. This list may be updated periodically at Binance’s discretion. We thank you for your support as we continue to build the crypto ecosystem in a way that promotes transparency, long-term, and sustainable growth. Note: There may be discrepancies between this original content in English and any translated versions. Please refer to the original English version for the most accurate information, in case any discrepancies arise. Thank you for your support! Binance Team 2025-04-10