Fellow Binancians, Binance will list Jito (JTO) and&nbsp;tentatively open trading for these spot trading pairs at&nbsp; 2023-12-07 16:00 (UTC) . &nbsp; New Spot Trading Pairs:&nbsp;JTO/USDT, JTO/FDUSD and JTO/TRY. Users can now start&nbsp;depositing JTO in preparation for trading . Withdrawal will open at&nbsp;2023-12-08 16:00 (UTC). JTO&nbsp;Listing Fee: 0 BNB. &nbsp; In addition, Binance will add JTO as a new borrowable asset with this new margin pair on Isolated Margin, within 48 hours from 2023-12-07 16:00 (UTC) . New Isolated Margin Pair: JTO/USDT Please refer to &nbsp; Margin Data for a list of the most updated marginable assets and further information on specific limits and rates. Notes: The Seed Tag will be applied to&nbsp;JTO. TRY is a fiat currency and does not represent any other digital currencies. The withdrawal open time is an estimated time for users’ reference. Users can view the actual status of withdrawals on the withdrawal page. Where any discrepancy arises between the translated versions and the original English version, the English version shall prevail. What Is Jito (JTO)? JTO is a governance token of the Jito network, a service provider of Solana liquid staking with an open-source Solana validator client, allowing stakers to earn Solana staking reward and capture MEV via its MEV software suite. Reminder : JTO is a relatively new token that poses a higher than normal risk, and as such will likely be subject to high price volatility. Please ensure that you exercise sufficient risk management, have done your own research in regards to JTO’s fundamentals, and fully understand the project before opting to trade the token. The Seed Tag &nbsp;represents innovative project that may exhibit higher volatility and risks compared to other listed tokens.&nbsp;The Seed Tag &nbsp;will be applied to JTO. To gain trading access to the tokens marked with Seed Tag, users will need to pass the corresponding quizzes every 90 days on the Binance Spot and/or Binance Margin platforms, and accept the Terms of Use . The quizzes are set up to ensure users are aware of the risks before trading the tokens with the Seed Tags. Users may find the Seed Tags on the corresponding Binance Spot and Binance Margin trading pages, as well as on the Markets Overview page. A risk warning banner will also be displayed for all tokens with the Seed Tags.&nbsp; &nbsp; Details: Jito Website Jito X Account Fees Rules Thanks for your support! Binance Team 2023-12-07