This is a general Binance Exchange Notice. Products and services referred to here may not be available in your region. Fellow Binancians, Binance Margin and Binance Loan will delist and cease trading on all margin trading pairs for the following token(s) at 2026-05-22 06:00 (UTC) : Anchored EUR (AEUR) Sleepless AI (AI) Please note: The delisting schedule may or may not apply to the products listed below, depending on their association with the token(s) being delisted. There may be discrepancies in the translated version of this original article in English. Please reference this original version for the latest or most accurate information where any discrepancies may arise.&nbsp; Loan At 2026-05-22 06:00 (UTC) Flexible Loan will close all outstanding loan positions for the aforementioned token(s) as loanable token(s) and collateral token(s) . VIP Loan will close all outstanding loan positions for the aforementioned token(s) as collateral token(s) . Users are strongly advised to repay their outstanding loans before the delist and automatic closure to avoid any potential losses, where applicable. Margin Cross Margin &amp; Isolated Margin Binance Margin will delist the aforementioned token(s) from Cross and Isolated Margin at 2026-05-22 06:00 (UTC) (the “Margin Scheduled Delisting Time”) . The cross and isolated margin pair(s) of the aforementioned token(s) will be removed from Margin. Effective immediately, users will no longer be able to transfer any amount of the aforementioned token(s) via manual transfers and Auto-Transfer Mode for Cross and Isolated Margin into their margin accounts. If users hold outstanding liabilities of said tokens, these users may only manually transfer up to the amount of liabilities of that token into their margin accounts, less any collateral already available. At 2026-05-19 06:00 (UTC) , Binance Margin will suspend borrowings on the aforementioned cross margin token(s) and isolated margin pair(s).&nbsp; At the Margin Scheduled Delisting Time , Binance Margin will close users’ positions, conduct an automatic settlement, and cancel all pending orders on the aforementioned isolated margin pair(s), which will then be removed from isolated margin. At the Margin Scheduled Delisting Time , if users hold both collateral and liabilities of the aforementioned token(s) on cross margin , the collateral will be used to repay the respective liabilities. If there are remaining collateral or liabilities of the aforementioned token(s), one of two options below will occur: If users only hold the aforementioned token(s) in the form of collateral :&nbsp; If the Collateral Margin Level (CML) is above 2 , the aforementioned token(s) will be transferred to users’ Spot Accounts, up to the point when the CML reaches 2. The remaining tokens in their Cross Margin accounts that are to be delisted will then be fully sold .&nbsp; If the CML is below 2 , the remaining tokens in users’ Cross Margin Accounts that are to be delisted will be fully sold .&nbsp; If users only hold the aforementioned token(s) in the form of liabilities : If CML is at or above 2 , pending orders will not be affected.&nbsp; If the CML is below 2 , all pending orders in their Cross Margin Accounts will be canceled.&nbsp; The system will then sell other collateral tokens to buy and fully repay the delisting token(s)’ liabilities. Please note that users will not be able to update their positions during the delisting process, which may take approximately 3 hours. Users are strongly advised to close their positions and/or transfer their assets from Margin Accounts to Spot Accounts prior to the cessation of margin trading. Binance will not be responsible for any potential losses. Portfolio Margin If the aforementioned token(s) remain in the Portfolio Margin Account after the Margin Scheduled Delisting Time , they will be automatically liquidated. The delisted margin assets will be sold for USDT, and the proceeds will be added to the user's Portfolio Margin balance. Binance is not liable for any losses incurred. Portfolio Margin users are advised to transfer the aforementioned token(s) out of their Margin Accounts to their Spot Accounts and to top up their margin balance before Margin Scheduled Delisting Time where applicable. Users should monitor the Unified Maintenance Margin Ratio (uniMMR) closely to avoid any potential liquidation that may result from the removal of the aforementioned token(s) from the Margin Account.&nbsp; Please Note: For futures perpetual contracts, please refer to the relevant futures announcements. Refer to this FAQ for more information on how any remaining balances of the aforementioned token(s) in Portfolio Margin users’ Margin Accounts will be treated. We thank you for your support as we continue to build the crypto ecosystem in a way that promotes transparency and long-term, sustainable growth. Thank you for your support! Binance Team 2026-05-19