Note: Please do your own research before making any trades for the aforementioned token outside Binance to avoid any scams and ensure safety of your funds. &nbsp; This is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may not be available in your region.&nbsp; Fellow Binancians, Binance will end the Usual (USUAL) Pre-Market at 2024-12-17 09:00 (UTC) and open spot trading for the following pairs at 2024-12-18 11:00 (UTC) . New Spot Trading Pairs: USUAL/BTC, USUAL/USDT, USUAL/FDUSD and USUAL/TRY. Users can now start depositing USUAL in preparation for trading. Withdrawals will open at 2024-12-19 11:00 (UTC) . Transfer function will resume before 2024-12-17 10:00 (UTC) USUAL Listing Fee: 0 BNB. Smart Contract/Network Details: Ethereum Network (0xC4441c2BE5d8fA8126822B9929CA0b81Ea0DE38E) Please Note, USUAL's Total Supply in pre-market trading reflects the minted amount. At spot launch, the total supply will increase reflecting the minting of the smart contract, eventually reaching 4,000,000,000 USUAL. Detailed token release schedule please refer to our research report here . Total and Max Token Supply: 4,000,000,000 USUAL&nbsp; Circulating supply on Binance Pre-market : 300,000,000 USUAL&nbsp; Initial Circulating Supply When Listed on Binance Spot: 494,600,000 USUAL (12.37%&nbsp; of total token supply) Notes: The seed tag will be applied to USUAL. All Pre-Market orders will be automatically removed after trading ceases for the Pre-Market trading pair. TRY is a fiat currency and does not represent any other digital currencies. The withdrawal open time is an estimated time for users’ reference. Users can view the actual status of withdrawals on the withdrawal page. Trading Bots &amp; Spot Copy Trading will be enabled for the aforementioned token within 24 hours of it being listed on Spot. For users with running Spot Copy Trading portfolios, pairs can be included by enabling them in the [Personal Pair Preference] section of the Spot Copy Trading settings. There may be discrepancies between this original content in English and any translated versions. Please refer to the original English version for the most accurate information, in case any discrepancies arise. What Is Usual (USUAL) Usual is a decentralized Fiat Stablecoin issuer. Important Notes USUAL is a relatively new token that poses a higher than normal risk, and will likely be subject to high price volatility. Users must exercise sufficient risk management and DYOR (do your own research) to fully understand the project before opting to trade the token. Seed tags represent innovative projects that may exhibit higher volatility and risks compared to other listed tokens. Seed tag will be applied to USUAL. To gain trading access to tokens marked with seed tag, users will need to pass the corresponding quizzes every 90 days on the Binance Spot and/or Binance Margin platforms, and accept the Terms of Use . The quizzes are set up to ensure users are aware of the risks before trading the tokens with the Seed Tags. Users may find seed tags on the corresponding Binance Spot and Binance Margin trading pages, as well as on the Markets Overview page. A risk warning banner will also be displayed for all tokens with the Seed Tags.&nbsp; Additional Information Usual Website Usual X Binance Trading Fees Binance Trading Rules Trading of the aforementioned new trading pair(s) is subject to eligibility based on the user's country or region of residence. Please note that the list of restricted countries provided below may be changed from time to time, due to mandatory changes in applicable laws and regulations, or other changes relevant to the trading eligibility of these new trading pair(s). Users need to complete account verification to participate in the trading of these new trading pair(s). Currently, users residing in the following countries or regions will not be able to trade the above-mentioned spot trading pairs: Canada, Cuba, Crimea Region, Iran, Netherlands, North Korea, Syria, United States of America and its territories (American Samoa, Guam, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, the U.S. Virgin Islands), and any non-government controlled areas of Ukraine. Please note that this list may be updated periodically to accommodate changes in legal, regulatory, or other factors. Thank you for your support! Binance Team 2024-12-12