This is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may not be available in your region. Fellow Binancians ,&nbsp; To protect users and maintain a high quality trading market, Binance conducts periodic reviews of all listed spot trading pairs, and may delist selected spot trading pairs due to multiple factors. Based on our most recent reviews, Binance will remove and cease trading on the following spot trading pairs: At 2023-12-29 03:00 (UTC) : ADA/GBP, BNB/GBP, BTC/GBP, DOGE/GBP, ETH/GBP, GBP/USDT, LINK/GBP, LTC/GBP, MATIC/GBP, SOL/GBP, XRP/GBP Please note: The delisting of a spot trading pair does not affect the availability of the tokens on Binance Spot. Users can still trade the spot trading pair’s base and quote assets on other trading pair(s) that are available on Binance.&nbsp; There may be discrepancies in the translated version of this original article in English. Please reference this original version for the latest or most accurate information where any discrepancies may arise. For More Information: Binance Delisting Guidelines &amp; Frequently Asked Questions How to View Delisting Information for Tokens &amp; Spot Trading Pairs on Binance Thank you for your support! Binance Team 2023-12-22 Trade on-the-go with Binance’s crypto trading app (iOS/Android) Find us on&nbsp; Telegram X Facebook Instagram Binance reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend or cancel this announcement at any time and for any reasons without prior notice. Disclaimer : Digital asset prices are subject to high market risk and price volatility. The value of your investment may go down or up, and you may not get back the amount invested. You are solely responsible for your investment decisions and Binance is not liable for any losses you may incur. Past performance is not a reliable predictor of future performance. You should only invest in products you are familiar with and where you understand the risks. You should carefully consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial adviser prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed as financial advice. For more information, see our Terms of Use and Risk Warning .