This is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may not be available in your region. Fellow Binancians, Based on recent reviews, Binance will extend the Monitoring Tag to include GoPlus Security (GPS) on 2025-03-07. The Monitoring Tag has been applied to GoPlus Security (GPS) due to a significant price drop immediately following the spot listing and certain market making behavior of one of GPS’ market makers (the “Market Maker”), including: Approximately 70,000,000 GPS tokens were sold by the Market Maker between 2025-03-04 13:00 (UTC) and 2025-03-05 09:55 (UTC).&nbsp; No buy orders were placed by the Market Maker during the aforementioned period. Tokens were continuously sold by the Market Maker right after spot trading opened. The Market Maker was the top 1 profiteer gaining approximately&nbsp;5,000,000 USDT. The Market Maker’s Binance account has been temporarily suspended while we conduct an in-depth follow-up investigation into this matter. Tokens with the Monitoring Tag exhibit notably higher volatility and risks compared to other listed tokens. These tokens are closely monitored, with regular reviews conducted. Keep in mind that tokens with the Monitoring Tag are at risk of no longer meeting our listing criteria and being delisted from the platform.&nbsp; To gain trading access to tokens marked with the Monitoring Tag, users will need to pass the quiz every 90 days on the Binance Spot and/or Binance Margin platforms, and accept the Terms of Use . The quizzes are set up to ensure users are aware of the risks before trading tokens with the Monitoring Tag. Users may find the Monitoring Tags on the corresponding Binance Spot and Binance Margin trading pages, as well as on the Markets Overview page. A risk warning banner will also be displayed for all tokens with the Monitoring Tags. Binance will conduct periodic project reviews and decide if the Monitoring Tag should be added to or removed from tokens as per its latest findings. These criteria are considered during the review: Commitment of team to project Level and quality of development activity Trading volume and liquidity Stability and safety of network from attacks Network / smart contract stability Level of public communication Responsiveness to our periodic due diligence requests Evidence of unethical/fraudulent conduct or negligence Contribution to a healthy and sustainable crypto ecosystem&nbsp; Please note: Other services related to the aforementioned tokens will not be affected.&nbsp; The Monitoring Tags for the aforementioned tokens will be updated shortly after the publishing of this announcement. There may be discrepancies between this original content in English and any translated versions. Please refer to the original English version for the most accurate information, in case any discrepancies arise. We thank you for your support as we continue to build the crypto ecosystem in a way that promotes transparency and long-term, sustainable growth.&nbsp; Thank you for your support! Binance Team 2025-03-07