Fellow Binancians, Binance will list Jupiter (JUP) and open trading for these spot trading pairs at&nbsp; 2024-01-31 15:30 (UTC) . New Spot Trading Pairs:&nbsp;JUP/USDT, JUP/FDUSD and JUP/TRY. Users can now start&nbsp;depositing JUP in preparation for trading . Withdrawal will open at&nbsp;2024-02-01 15:30 (UTC). JUP&nbsp;Listing Fee: 0 BNB. &nbsp; In addition, Binance will add JUP as a new borrowable asset with this new margin pair on Isolated Margin, within 48 hours from 2024-01-31&nbsp;15:30 (UTC) . New Isolated Margin Pair: JUP/USDT Please refer to Margin Data for a list of the most updated marginable assets and further information on specific limits and rates. Notes: The Seed Tag will be applied to&nbsp;JUP. TRY is a fiat currency and does not represent any other digital currencies. The withdrawal open time is an estimated time for users’ reference. Users can view the actual status of withdrawals on the withdrawal page. There may be discrepancies in the translated version of this original article in English. Please reference this original version for the latest or most accurate information where any discrepancies may arise. What Is Jupiter (JUP) Jupiter is a DeFi protocol on Solana, offering a suite of features including DEX Aggregation, Limit Orders, DCA (Dollar-Cost Averaging), Bridge Comparator, Perpetuals Trading, etc. Reminder : JUP is a relatively new token that poses a higher than normal risk, and as such will likely be subject to high price volatility. Please ensure that you exercise sufficient risk management, have done your own research in regards to JUP’s fundamentals, and fully understand the project before opting to trade the token. The Seed Tag &nbsp;represents innovative project that may exhibit higher volatility and risks compared to other listed tokens.&nbsp;The Seed Tag &nbsp;will be applied to JUP. To gain trading access to the tokens marked with Seed Tag, users will need to pass the corresponding quizzes every 90 days on the Binance Spot and/or Binance Margin platforms, and accept the Terms of Use . The quizzes are set up to ensure users are aware of the risks before trading the tokens with the Seed Tags. Users may find the Seed Tags on the corresponding Binance Spot and Binance Margin trading pages, as well as on the Markets Overview page. A risk warning banner will also be displayed for all tokens with the Seed Tags.&nbsp; Details: Jupiter Website Jupiter X Account Fees Rules Thank you for your support! Binance Team 2024-01-31