Note: Please do your own research before making any trades for the aforementioned token outside Binance to avoid any scams and ensure safety of your funds. This is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may not be available in your region. Fellow Binancians, Binance will list Giggle Fund (GIGGLE) and SynFutures (F) and open trading for the following spot trading pairs at 2025-10-25 06:00 (UTC) . New Spot Trading Pairs: GIGGLE /USDT, GIGGLE /USDC, GIGGLE /TRY, F /USDT, F /USDC and F /TRY.&nbsp; Users can start depositing GIGGLE , F in preparation for trading one hour later . Withdrawals will open at 2025-10-26 06:00 (UTC) . Listing Fee: 0 BNB. GIGGLE Smart Contract :&nbsp; BNB Smart Chain , 0x20d6015660b3fe52e6690a889b5C51F69902cE0e SynFutures Smart Contract: Ethereum (0x6e15A54B5EcAc17e58daDedDbe8506a7560252F9) BNB Smart Chain (0xc9ccbd76c2353e593cc975f13295e8289d04d3bb)&nbsp; Base (0x2c24497d4086490e7ead87cc12597fb50c2e6ed6) An additional 300,000,000 F will be allocated into future marketing campaigns. Details will be shown in separate announcements. *Please note that users can now trade GIGGLE and F on Binance Alpha Market. However, once spot trading opens, GIGGLE and F will no longer be showcased on Binance Alpha, and its trading volume will no longer be counted towards Alpha Points . Notes: Key highlights for Binance Alpha users: Users can transfer their GIGGLE and F from Alpha Accounts to Spot Accounts when spot trading starts. GIGGLE and F will be delisted from Binance Alpha when spot trading opens on Binance Spot. Users will be able to continue to sell GIGGLE and F via Binance Alpha.&nbsp; After GIGGLE and F is delisted from Binance Alpha, users can still view their GIGGLE and F balance on their Alpha Accounts, and transfer them to Spot Accounts to continue trading on Binance Spot. Binance will transfer GIGGLE and F from users’ Alpha Accounts to Spot Accounts within 24 hours. Binance Alpha serves as a pre-listing token selection pool. Once a project featured on Binance Alpha is listed on Binance Spot, asset(s) will no longer be showcased on Binance Alpha. The seed tag will be applied to GIGGLE and F. TRY is fiat currency and does not represent any other digital currencies. The withdrawal open time is an estimated time for users’ reference. Users can view the actual status of withdrawals on the withdrawal page. Spot Algo Orders will also be enabled for the aforementioned pairs at 2025-10-25 06:00 (UTC), while Trading Bots &amp; Spot Copy Trading will be enabled within 24 hours of it being listed on Spot. For users with running Spot Copy Trading portfolios, pairs can be included by enabling them in the [Personal Pair Preference] section of the Spot Copy Trading settings. There may be discrepancies between this original content in English and any translated versions. Please refer to the original English version for the most accurate information, in case any discrepancies arise. What Is Giggle Fund (GIGGLE) Giggle Fund is a charity-focused memecoin on Binance Smart Chain that converts trading fees into donations for children’s education via Giggle Academy. What Is SynFutures (F) SynFutures is a decentralized exchange (DEX) and full-stack financial infrastructure powering the future of trading. Important Notes GIGGLE and F is a relatively new token that poses a higher than normal risk, and will likely be subject to high price volatility. Users must exercise sufficient risk management and DYOR (do your own research) to fully understand the project before opting to trade the token. Seed tags represent innovative projects that may exhibit higher volatility and risks compared to other listed tokens. Seed tag will be applied to GIGGLE and F . To gain trading access to tokens marked with seed tag, users will need to pass the corresponding quizzes every 90 days on the Binance Spot and/or Binance Margin platforms, and accept the Terms of Use . The quizzes are set up to ensure users are aware of the risks before trading the tokens with the Seed Tags. Users may find seed tags on the corresponding Binance Spot and Binance Margin trading pages, as well as on the Markets Overview page. A risk warning banner will also be displayed for all tokens with the Seed Tags.&nbsp; Additional Information Giggle Fund Website SynFutures Website Binance Trading Fees Binance Trading Rules Trading of the aforementioned new trading pair(s) is subject to eligibility based on the user's country or region of residence. Please note that the list of restricted countries provided below may be changed from time to time, due to mandatory changes in applicable laws and regulations, or other changes relevant to the trading eligibility of these new trading pair(s). Users need to complete account verification to participate in the trading of these new trading pair(s). Currently, users residing in the following countries or regions will not be able to trade the above-mentioned spot trading pairs: Canada, Cuba, Crimea Region, Iran, Netherlands, North Korea, Syria, United States of America and its territories (American Samoa, Guam, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, the U.S. Virgin Islands), and any non-government controlled areas of Ukraine. Please note that this list may be updated periodically to accommodate changes in legal, regulatory, or other factors. Thank you for your support! Binance Team 2025-10-25 USDC is an e-money token issued by Circle Internet Financial Europe SAS (https://www.circle.com/). USDC’s whitepaper is available here . You may contact Circle using the following contact information: +33(1)59000130 and EEA-Customer-Support@circle.com.&nbsp; Holders of USDC have a legal claim against Circle SAS as the EU issuer of USDC. These holders are entitled to request redemption of their USDC from Circle SAS. Such redemption will be made at any time and at par value.