This is a general Binance Exchange Notice. Products and services referred to here may not be available in your region. Fellow Binancians, At Binance Futures, the team periodically reviews each futures contract based on a variety of factors. The team considers the following factors when determining whether a futures contract will be delisted: Trading volume and liquidity Stability and safety of network from attacks New regulatory requirements Change in token supply, tokenomics, project’s ownership structure, commitment of team to project and project’s development activity Responsiveness to our periodic due diligence requests Evidence of unethical/fraudulent conduct or negligence Binance Futures will close all positions and conduct an automatic settlement on USDⓈ-M VINEUSDT and AIUSDT Perpetual Contracts at 2026-04-28 10:00 (UTC) . The contracts will be delisted after the settlement is complete. Please Note:&nbsp; This information is released as a Notice under Binance Exchange Rule 17. Users are advised to close any open positions prior to the delisting time to avoid automatic settlement. Users are not allowed to open new orders for the aforementioned contract(s) starting from 2026-04-28 09:30 (UTC) . During the final hour proceeding the scheduled settlement time of a futures contract, the Futures Insurance Fund will not be utilised to support the liquidation process in respect of that futures contract. Any such liquidation triggered during the final hour will be executed as a single Immediate or Cancel order (“IOCO”), which will be offloaded into the market in one attempt. If, following the execution of the IOCO, the assets remaining available in the user's account are sufficient to meet the required Maintenance Margin (after accounting for realized losses and any applicable Liquidation Clearance Fee), the liquidation will cease. If the IOCO fails to fully reduce the position to a level that satisfies the Margin Maintenance requirements, any unfilled portion of the position will be resolved through the Auto-Deleveraging (ADL) process. Users are strongly advised to actively monitor and manage open positions during the final hour, as this period may be subject to heightened volatility and reduced liquidity. In order to protect users and prevent potential risks in extremely volatile market conditions, Binance Futures may undertake additional protective measures toward the aforementioned contract(s) without further announcement, including but not limited to adjusting the maximum leverage value, position value, and maintenance margin in each margin tier , updating funding rates , such as the interest rate, premium and capped funding rate, changing the constituents of the price index, and using the Last Price Protected mechanism to update the Mark Price. There may be discrepancies between this original content in English and any translated versions. Please refer to the original English version for the most accurate information, in case any discrepancies arise. For More Information: Delisting of Futures Contract USDⓈ-M Futures Trading Parameters Leverage and Margin of USDⓈ-M Futures Contract Mark Price and Price Index Binance Futures Contract Specification &nbsp; Thank you for your support! Binance Team 2026-04-24