Note: Please do your own research before making any trades for the aforementioned token outside Binance to avoid any scams and ensure safety of your funds. Fellow Binancians, Binance will list BOOK OF MEME (BOME) and open trading for these spot trading pairs at&nbsp; 2024-03-16 12:30 (UTC) . New Spot Trading Pairs:&nbsp;BOME/BTC, BOME/USDT, BOME/FDUSD and BOME/TRY. Users can now start&nbsp;depositing BOME in preparation for trading . Withdrawals will open at&nbsp;2024-03-17 12:30 (UTC). BOME&nbsp;Listing Fee: 0 BNB. Smart Contract: Solana Notes: The Seed Tag will be applied to&nbsp;BOME. TRY is a fiat currency and does not represent any other digital currencies. The withdrawal open time is an estimated time for users’ reference. Users can view the actual status of withdrawals on the withdrawal page. There may be discrepancies in the translated version of this original article in English. Please reference this original version for the latest or most accurate information where any discrepancies may arise. &nbsp; What Is BOOK OF MEME (BOME) A memecoin on Solana network, BOOK OF MEME (BOME) is an experimental project poised to redefine Web3 culture by amalgamating memes, which endeavors to encapsulate the ever-evolving meme culture within a digital compendium. &nbsp; Reminder : BOME is a relatively new token that poses a higher than normal risk, and as such will likely be subject to high price volatility. Please ensure that you exercise sufficient risk management, have done your own research in regards to BOME’s fundamentals, and fully understand the project before opting to trade the token. The Seed Tag &nbsp;represents innovative project that may exhibit higher volatility and risks compared to other listed tokens.&nbsp;The Seed Tag &nbsp;will be applied to BOME. To gain trading access to the tokens marked with Seed Tag, users will need to pass the corresponding quizzes every 90 days on the Binance Spot and/or Binance Margin platforms, and accept the Terms of Use . The quizzes are set up to ensure users are aware of the risks before trading the tokens with the Seed Tags. Users may find the Seed Tags on the corresponding Binance Spot and Binance Margin trading pages, as well as on the Markets Overview page. A risk warning banner will also be displayed for all tokens with the Seed Tags.&nbsp; &nbsp; Details: BOME Website BOME X Account Fees Rules Thank you for your support! Binance Team 2024-03-16