This announcement only affects users in the European Economic Area (EEA). Fellow Binancians, Following the latest guidance from EU authorities in relation to stablecoins , we are making changes to the availability of non-MiCA compliant Stablecoins in the EEA to comply with regulatory requirements. Impacted assets are USDT, FDUSD, TUSD, USDP, DAI, AEUR, XUSD, and PAXG. MiCA compliant stablecoins pairs, such as USDC and EURI, and fiat pairs (EUR) remain available and unchanged. We encourage you to convert any remaining non-MiCA compliant stablecoin holdings (e.g. USDT) to USDC, EURI, or EUR at your earliest convenience.&nbsp; Custody of non-MiCA Compliant Stablecoins will continue and you will be able to withdraw or deposit non-MiCA Compliant Stablecoins at any time. EEA users may take advantage of the following ongoing promotions available for both USDC, EURI and EUR to transition your stablecoins:&nbsp; Binance Launches Zero Fee Promotion on BNB/USDC, ETH/USDC, and SOL/USDC Trading Pairs for VIP 2 - 9 Users and Spot Liquidity Provider ( Link ) Binance Introduces Taker Fee Promotion for USDC Spot and Margin Trading Pairs ( Link ) Buy and Trade USDC or EURI to Win a Share of 1,000,000 USDC ( Link ) Binance Launches Eurite (EURI) Zero Trading Fee Promotions ( Link ) Binance Earn Launches USDC Simple Earn Flexible Products with Up To 15% APR ( Link ) Binance Earn Stablecoins Boost: Enjoy Up To 8.7% APR with EURI Flexible Products ( Link ) Please see below for more details on product restrictions.&nbsp; MiCA Stablecoin Rule Compliance - Product Impacts for EEA Users Spot Trading From 2025-03-31 23:59 (UTC) onwards , Binance will restrict the availability of Spot trading pairs with non-MiCA Compliant Stablecoins for EEA users according to the following timeline: From now until 2025-03-31 23:59 (UTC):&nbsp; Non-MiCA compliant stablecoins will be available to trade in Spot pairs. From 2025-03-31 23:59 (UTC) onwards:&nbsp; Non-MiCA compliant Spot pairs will be fully delisted, you will no longer be able to trade these pairs. Sale of any remaining non-MiCA compliant Stablecoin holdings will remain available through Binance Convert . All pending Binance Spot orders will be cancelled within 48 hours subsequently. Binance Margin From 2025-03-27 07:00 (UTC) onwards , any non-MiCA compliant Margin trading pairs will be fully delisted for EEA users. We encourage EEA users to convert any non-MiCA stablecoin assets and liabilities in their Margin accounts to USDC as soon as possible. Please refer to the details below: From 2025-03-27 07:00 (UTC) onwards: For Cross Margin Classic, Cross Margin Pro, and Cross Margin (PM) accounts, Binance will automatically convert any remaining non-MiCA compliant stablecoin assets and liabilities to USDC on your behalf and cancel all pending orders for all non-MiCA compliant trading pairs. To avoid any risk of liquidation, please ensure that you complete the conversion before the deadline. Conversion Rates to USDC USDT: Fixed at 1:1&nbsp; FDUSD: Fixed at 1:1 USDP: Opening price as of 2025-03-27 (UTC) DAI: Opening price as of 2025-03-27 (UTC) AEUR: Opening price as of 2025-03-27 (UTC) PAXG: Opening price as of 2025-03-27 (UTC) From 2025-03-27 07:00 (UTC) onwards : Binance Margin will close users’ Isolated Margin positions, repay liabilities, conduct an automatic settlement, and cancel all pending orders for all non-MiCA compliant Isolated Margin trading pairs. These pairs will then be removed from Binance Margin. Binance Earn and Loans We encourage EEA users to proactively switch any Binance Simple Earn and Dual Investment holdings, collateral and loans under Binance Loans and VIP Loans in non-MiCA compliant stablecoins (e.g. USDT) to other MiCA compliant stablecoins (e.g. USDC) and tokens by 2025-03-31 23:59 (UTC) After 2025-03-31 (UTC) , users will still be able to sell any remaining non-MiCA compliant stablecoins holdings using Binance Convert .&nbsp; Please Note: All trading pairs associated with non-MiCA compliant stablecoins, such as USDT, FDUSD, TUSD, USDP, DAI, AEUR, XUSD, and PAXG, will be delisted for EEA users. All trade orders will be automatically removed after trading ceases in each respective trading pair. Binance will terminate Trading Bots services for Unauthorized Stablecoin Spot trading pairs at 2025-03-31 03:00 (UTC) . Users are strongly advised to update and/or cancel their Trading Bots prior to the cessation of these Trading Bots services to avoid any potential losses. Trading Bot services for Regulated Stablecoins (for example, USDC) will be unaffected. Binance Spot Copy Trading has already ceased for EEA users on 2024-06-26. Please refer to this announcement for more information. Sale of any remaining holding of non-MiCA Compliant Stablecoins against USDC, EURI or EUR will be possible through Binance Convert after 2025-03-31 .&nbsp; There may be discrepancies between this original content in English and any translated versions. Please refer to the original English version for the most accurate information, in case any discrepancies arise. We thank you for your support as we continue to build the crypto ecosystem in a way that promotes transparency and long-term, sustainable growth. Thank you for your support! Binance Team 2025-03-03 Note: This announcement was updated on 2025-03-25 to clarify that all trading pairs associated with non-MiCA compliant stablecoins, such as USDT, FDUSD, TUSD, USDP, DAI, AEUR, XUSD, and PAXG, will be delisted for EEA users. EURI is an e-money token issued by Banking Circle S.A ( https://www.bankingcircle.com/ ). EURI’s whitepaper is available here . You may contact Banking Circle using the following contact information: +44 (0)7867254482 and clientservices@bankingcircle.com .&nbsp;&nbsp; EURI purchasers can exchange their EURI at par value for funds denominated in the official currency that the EURI is referencing (EUR) for the monetary value of the EUR held by Banking Circle for the purchaser of the EURI.&nbsp; USDC is an e-money token issued by Circle Internet Financial Europe SAS (https://www.circle.com/). USDC’s whitepaper is available here . You may contact Circle using the following contact information: +33(1)59000130 and EEA-Customer-Support@circle.com.&nbsp; Holders of USDC have a legal claim against Circle SAS as the EU issuer of USDC. These holders are entitled to request redemption of their USDC from Circle SAS. Such redemption will be made at any time and at par value.