This is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may not be available in your region. Fellow Binancians, Based on recent reviews, Binance will remove the Monitoring Tag and Seed Tag for selected tokens on 2025-07-09. The token to be removed from the Monitoring Tag list is:&nbsp; Zcash (ZEC) The tokens to be removed from the Seed Tag list are:&nbsp; Ethena (ENA) Pyth Network (PYTH) Bittensor (TAO) Wormhole (W) Tokens with the Monitoring Tag exhibit notably higher volatility and risks compared to other listed tokens. These tokens are closely monitored, with regular reviews conducted. Keep in mind that tokens with the Monitoring Tag are at risk of no longer meeting our listing criteria and being delisted from the platform. On the other hand, tokens with the Seed Tag represent new, innovative projects that may exhibit higher volatility and risks compared to other listed tokens.&nbsp; Binance will conduct periodic project reviews and decide if the Monitoring Tag and Seed Tag should be added to or removed from tokens as per its latest findings. These criteria are considered during the review: Commitment of team to project Level and quality of development activity Trading volume and liquidity Stability and safety of network from attacks Level of public communication, community engagement, and transparency Responsiveness to our periodic due diligence requests Evidence of unethical/fraudulent conduct or negligence New regulatory requirements Material/unjustified increase in token supply or changes to tokenomics Impact from changes to the project’s ownership structure or to the core team members Community sentiments Please note: Other services related to the aforementioned tokens will not be affected.&nbsp; The Monitoring Tags and Seed Tags for the aforementioned tokens will be updated shortly after the publishing of this announcement. There may be discrepancies in the translated version of this original article in English. Please reference this original version for the latest or most accurate information where any discrepancies may arise. We thank you for your support as we continue to build the crypto ecosystem in a way that promotes transparency and long-term, sustainable growth. Thank you for your support! Binance Team 2025-07-09