Note: Please do your own research before making any trades for the aforementioned token&nbsp; outside Binance to avoid any scams and ensure safety of your funds. &nbsp; Fellow Binancians, Binance will list Act I : The AI Prophecy (ACT), Peanut the Squirrel (PNUT)&nbsp; and open trading for the following spot trading pairs at 2024-11-11&nbsp;10:00 (UTC) . New Spot Trading Pairs: ACT/USDT, PNUT/USDT,&nbsp;users can now start depositing ACT , PNUT in preparation for trading. Withdrawals will open at 2024-11-12&nbsp;10:00 (UTC) . Listing Fee: 0 BNB. ACT Smart Contract Address (Solana) : GJAFwWjJ3vnTsrQVabjBVK2TYB1YtRCQXRDfDgUnpump PNUT Smart Contract Address (Solana) : 2qEHjDLDLbuBgRYvsxhc5D6uDWAivNFZGan56P1tpump Notes: The &nbsp; seed tag will be applied to ACT, PNUT. The withdrawal open time is an estimated time for users’ reference. Users can view the actual status of withdrawals on the withdrawal page. Trading Bots &amp; Spot Copy Trading will be enabled for the aforementioned token within 24 hours of it being listed on Spot. For users with running Spot Copy Trading portfolios, pairs can be included by enabling them in the [Personal Pair Preference] section of the Spot Copy Trading settings. There may be discrepancies in the translated version of this original article in English. Please reference this original version for the latest or most accurate information where any discrepancies may arise. What Is Act I : The AI Prophecy (ACT) Act I : The AI Prophecy is a meme&nbsp;coin on Solana. What Is Peanut the Squirrel (PNUT) Peanut the Squirrel is a meme coin on Solana. Important Notes ACT, PNUT are relatively new tokens that pose a higher than normal risk, and will likely be subject to high price volatility. Users must exercise sufficient risk management and DYOR (do your own research) to fully understand the project before opting to trade the token. Seed tags represent innovative projects that may exhibit higher volatility and risks compared to other listed tokens. Seed tag will be applied to ACT, PNUT. To gain trading access to tokens marked with seed tag, users will need to pass the corresponding quizzes every 90 days on the Binance Spot and/or Binance Margin platforms, and accept the &nbsp; Terms of Use . The quizzes are set up to ensure users are aware of the risks before trading the tokens with the Seed Tags. Users may find seed tags on the corresponding Binance Spot and Binance Margin trading pages, as well as on the &nbsp; Markets Overview page. A risk warning banner will also be displayed for all tokens with the Seed Tags. Additional Information ACT Website PNUT Website Binance Trading Fees Binance Trading Rules Trading of the aforementioned new trading pair(s) is subject to eligibility based on the user's country or region of residence. Please note that the list of restricted countries provided below may be changed from time to time, due to mandatory changes in applicable laws and regulations, or other changes relevant to the trading eligibility of these new trading pair(s). Users need to complete account verification to participate in the trading of these new trading pair(s). Currently, users residing in the following countries or regions will not be able to trade the above-mentioned spot trading pairs: Canada, Cuba, Crimea Region, Iran, Netherlands, North Korea, Syria, United States of America and its territories (American Samoa, Guam, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, the U.S. Virgin Islands), and any non-government controlled areas of Ukraine. Please note that this list may be updated periodically to accommodate changes in legal, regulatory, or other factors. Thank you for your support! Binance Team 2024-11-11