Note: Please do your own research before making any trades for the aforementioned token outside Binance to avoid any scams and ensure safety of your funds. Fellow Binancians, Binance will list Bittensor (TAO) and open trading for these spot trading pairs at&nbsp; 2024-04-11 12:00 (UTC) . New Spot Trading Pairs:&nbsp;TAO/BTC, TAO/USDT, TAO/FDUSD and TAO/TRY. Users can now start&nbsp;depositing TAO in preparation for trading . Withdrawal will open at&nbsp;2024-04-12 12:00 (UTC). TAO&nbsp;Listing Fee: 0 BNB. Smart Contract: Bittensor &nbsp; Notes: The Seed Tag will be applied to&nbsp;TAO. TRY is a fiat currency and does not represent any other digital currencies. The withdrawal open time is an estimated time for users’ reference. Users can view the actual status of withdrawals on the withdrawal page. There may be discrepancies in the translated version of this original article in English. Please reference this original version for the latest or most accurate information where any discrepancies may arise. What Is Bittensor (TAO) Bittensor is a P2P machine learning protocol that incentivizes participants to train and operate machine learning models in a distributed manner. Reminder : TAO is a relatively new token that poses a higher than normal risk, and as such will likely be subject to high price volatility. Please ensure that you exercise sufficient risk management, have done your own research in regards to TAO’s fundamentals, and fully understand the project before opting to trade the token. The Seed Tag &nbsp;represents innovative project that may exhibit higher volatility and risks compared to other listed tokens.&nbsp;The Seed Tag &nbsp;will be applied to TAO. To gain trading access to the tokens marked with Seed Tag, users will need to pass the corresponding quizzes every 90 days on the Binance Spot and/or Binance Margin platforms, and accept the Terms of Use . The quizzes are set up to ensure users are aware of the risks before trading the tokens with the Seed Tags. Users may find the Seed Tags on the corresponding Binance Spot and Binance Margin trading pages, as well as on the Markets Overview page. A risk warning banner will also be displayed for all tokens with the Seed Tags.&nbsp; Details: Bittensor Website Bittensor X Account Fees Rules Trading of the aforementioned new trading pair(s) is subject to eligibility based on the user's country or region of residence. Please note that the list of restricted countries provided below may be changed from time to time, due to mandatory changes in applicable laws and regulations, or other changes relevant to the trading eligibility of these new trading pair(s). Users need to complete account verification to participate in the trading of these new trading pair(s). Please note that this list may be updated periodically to accommodate changes in legal, regulatory, or other factors. Currently, users residing in the following countries or regions will not be able to trade the above-mentioned spot trading pairs: Canada, Cuba, Crimea Region, Iran, Netherlands, North Korea, Syria, United States of America and its territories (American Samoa, Guam, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, the U.S. Virgin Islands), and any non-government controlled areas of Ukraine. Thank you for your support! Binance Team 2024-04-11