This is a general Binance Exchange Notice. Products and services referred to here may not be available in your region. Fellow Binancians, At Binance, we periodically review each digital asset we list to ensure that it continues to meet a high level of standard and industry requirements. When a coin or token no longer meets these standards or the industry landscape changes, we conduct a more in-depth review and potentially delist it. Our priority is to ensure the best services and protections for our users while continuing to adapt to evolving market dynamics.&nbsp; When we conduct these reviews, we consider a variety of factors. Below are the updated metrics we look at that influence whether we decide to delist a digital asset:&nbsp;&nbsp; Commitment of team to project Level and quality of development activity Trading volume and liquidity Stability and safety of network from attacks Level of public communication, community engagement, and transparency Responsiveness to our periodic due diligence requests Evidence of unethical/fraudulent conduct or negligence New regulatory requirements Material/unjustified increase in token supply or changes to tokenomics Impact from changes to the project’s ownership structure or to the core team members Community sentiments Based on our most recent reviews, we have decided to delist and cease trading on all spot trading pairs for the following token(s) at 2026-04-01 03:00 (UTC) : Arena-Z (A2Z) Ampleforth Governance Token (FORTH) Hooked Protocol (HOOK) IDEX (IDEX) Loopring (LRC) Neutron (NTRN) Radiant Capital (RDNT) Solar (SXP) Please note: The delisting schedule may or may not apply to the products listed below, depending on their association with the token(s) being delisted. There may be discrepancies in the translated version of this original article in English. Please reference this original version for the latest or most accurate information where any discrepancies may arise.&nbsp; Spot The spot trading pair(s) of the aforementioned token(s) will be removed. All trade orders will be automatically removed after trading ceases in each respective trading pair. Binance will terminate Trading Bots services for the aforementioned spot trading pairs at 2026-04-01 03:00 (UTC) , where applicable. Users are strongly advised to update and/or cancel their Trading Bots prior to the cessation of Trading Bots services to avoid any potential losses. Binance Spot Copy Trading will delist the aforementioned spot trading pairs on 2026-03-25 03:00 (UTC) - After this time, any outstanding assets will be force-sold at market price or moved to the Spot Account if the amount is unsellable. Users are strongly advised to update or cancel their Spot Copy Trading portfolios prior to Binance Spot Copy Trading delisting time to avoid potential losses. Accounts The token's valuation will no longer be displayed in users’ accounts after delisting. To view their assets after trading ceases, users should ensure they have not selected “Hide Small Balances” in all of their accounts. Deposits of these token(s) will not be credited to users’ accounts after 2026-04-02 03:00 (UTC) .&nbsp; Withdrawals of these token(s) from Binance will not be supported after 2026-06-01 03:00 (UTC) . Delisted tokens may be converted into stablecoins on behalf of users after 2026-06-02 03:00 (UTC) . Please note that the conversion of delisted tokens into stablecoins is not guaranteed. A separate notification will be made before the conversion where applicable, and the stablecoins will be credited to users’ Binance accounts after the conversion.&nbsp; In situations where token conversion is not feasible, Binance will keep withdrawals open, subject to network availability. Futures Binance Futures will close all positions and conduct an automatic settlement on the contracts of the aforementioned token(s) at 2026-03-24 09:00 (UTC) . The contracts will be delisted after the settlement is complete. Users are advised to close any open positions prior to the delisting time to avoid automatic settlement. Users are not allowed to open new positions for the contracts of the aforementioned token(s) starting from 2026-03-24 08:30 (UTC) . In order to protect users and prevent potential risks in extremely volatile market conditions, Binance Futures may undertake additional protective measures toward the contracts of the aforementioned token(s) without further announcements, including but not limited to adjusting the maximum leverage value, position value, and maintenance margin in each margin tier , updating funding rates , such as the interest rate, premium and capped funding rate, changing the constituents of the price index, and using the Last Price Protected mechanism to update the Mark Price. Funding Rate Arbitrage Bot At 2026-03-24 09:00 (UTC) , Binance Funding Rate Arbitrage Bot will close all arbitrage strategies and conduct an automatic settlement on the symbols of the aforementioned token(s). The pairs will no longer be available for opening new arbitrage strategies upon delisting. Simple Earn Binance Simple Earn will delist the token(s) mentioned above after 2026-03-25 07:00 (UTC) . Users may choose to redeem their Flexible and Locked Products positions beforehand. Otherwise, these Flexible and Locked Products positions will be automatically redeemed at the above-mentioned time, and subsequently transferred to users’ Spot Accounts, together with any accrued rewards. Dual Investment Binance Dual Investment will cease support for the aforementioned token(s), and users will not be able to subscribe to these products starting from the subsequent Friday at 08:00 (UTC).&nbsp; Unsettled subscriptions will be refunded on the subsequent Friday at 08:00 (UTC). The asset, including rewards, will be distributed to users’ Spot Accounts within 4 hours. The rewards will be calculated based on the actual subscription period. Mining Pool Binance Pool will cease support for mining the token(s) mentioned above at 2026-03-24 03:00 (UTC) . Your final payment will be settled on the following day. We strongly advise all users to stop mining the token(s) before Binance Pool ceases mining support for the token(s) to avoid any potential losses. Loan At 2026-03-24 07:00 (UTC) VIP Loan and Flexible Loan will close all outstanding loan positions for the aforementioned token(s) as loanable token(s) and collateral token(s). Users are strongly advised to repay their outstanding loans before the automatic closure to avoid any potential losses, where applicable. Margin Cross Margin &amp; Isolated Margin Binance Margin will delist the aforementioned token(s) from Cross and Isolated Margin at 2026-03-24 10:00 (UTC) (the “Margin Scheduled Delisting Time”) . The cross and isolated margin pair(s) of the aforementioned token(s) will be removed from Margin. Effective immediately, users will no longer be able to transfer any amount of the aforementioned token(s) via manual transfers and Auto-Transfer Mode for Cross and Isolated Margin into their Margin Accounts. If users hold outstanding liabilities of said tokens, these users may only manually transfer up to the amount of liabilities of that token into their Margin Accounts, less any collateral already available. At 2026-03-19 06:00 (UTC) , Binance Margin will suspend borrowings on the aforementioned cross margin token(s) and isolated margin pair(s).&nbsp; At the Margin Scheduled Delisting Time , Binance Margin will close users’ positions, conduct an automatic settlement, and cancel all pending orders on the aforementioned isolated margin pair(s), which will then be removed from isolated margin. At the Margin Scheduled Delisting Time , if users hold both collateral and liabilities of the aforementioned token(s) on cross margin , the collateral will be used to repay the respective liabilities. If there are remaining collateral or liabilities of the aforementioned token(s), one of two options below will occur: If users only hold the aforementioned token(s) in the form of collateral :&nbsp; If the Collateral Margin Level (CML) is above 2 , the aforementioned token(s) will be transferred to users’ Spot Accounts, up to the point when the CML reaches 2. The remaining token(s) in their Cross Margin accounts that are to be delisted will then be fully sold .&nbsp; If the CML is below 2 , the remaining token(s) in users’ Cross Margin Accounts that are to be delisted will be fully sold .&nbsp; If users only hold the aforementioned token(s) in the form of liabilities : If CML is at or above 2 , pending orders will not be affected.&nbsp; If the CML is below 2 , all pending orders in their Cross Margin Accounts will be canceled.&nbsp; The system will then sell other collateral tokens to buy and fully repay the delisting token(s)’ liabilities. Please note that users will not be able to update their positions during the delisting process, which may take approximately 3 hours. Users are strongly advised to close their positions and/or transfer their assets from Margin Accounts to Spot Accounts prior to the cessation of margin trading. Binance will not be responsible for any potential losses. Portfolio Margin If the aforementioned token(s) remain in the Portfolio Margin Account after the Margin Scheduled Delisting Time, they will be automatically liquidated. The delisted margin assets will be sold for USDT, and the proceeds will be added to the user's Portfolio Margin balance. Binance is not liable for any losses incurred. Portfolio Margin users are advised to transfer the aforementioned token(s) out of their Margin Accounts to their Spot Accounts and to top up their margin balance before the Margin Scheduled Delisting Time where applicable. Users should monitor the Unified Maintenance Margin Ratio (uniMMR) closely to avoid any potential liquidation that may result from the removal of the aforementioned token(s) from the Margin Account.&nbsp; Please Note: For futures perpetual contracts, please refer to the relevant Futures announcements. Refer to this FAQ for more information on how any remaining balances of the aforementioned token(s) in Portfolio Margin users’ Margin Accounts will be treated. Convert Binance Convert will subsequently delist the aforementioned token(s) and all associated pair(s) at 2026-04-01 02:00 (UTC) Convert Low-Value Assets will delist the token(s) mentioned above at 2026-03-31 02:00 (UTC) . Users may choose to convert the low-value assets beforehand.&nbsp; Buy &amp; Sell Binance Buy &amp; Sell Crypto will delist the aforementioned token(s) and all associated pair(s) at 2026-03-19 03:00 (UTC). Gift Card Binance Gift Card will delist the token(s) mentioned above at 2026-04-01 03:00 (UTC). Users are encouraged to manage Gift Cards containing these token(s) in advance to avoid any inconveniences. Pay Binance Pay will delist the aforementioned token(s) at 2026-04-01 03:00 (UTC) . We thank you for your support as we continue to build the crypto ecosystem in a way that promotes transparency and long-term, sustainable growth. Thank you for your support! Binance Team 2026-03-18 Note: This announcement was updated on 2026-03-20 to change Pay Delisting time to 2026-04-01 03:00 (UTC).