This is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may not be available in your region. Fellow Binancians , Binance Margin will delist WAN as a borrowable asset from Cross Margin, as well as the WAN Cross Margin and Isolated Margin pairs at 2026-04-10 06:00 (UTC) . Cross Margin Pair: WAN/USDT Isolated Margin Pair: WAN/USDT Cross Margin &amp; Isolated Margin Binance Margin will delist the aforementioned token(s) from Cross and Isolated Margin at 2026-04-10 06:00 (UTC) . The cross and isolated margin pair(s) of the aforementioned token(s) will be removed from Margin. Effective immediately, users will no longer be able to transfer any amount of the aforementioned token(s) via manual transfers and Auto-Transfer Mode for Cross and Isolated Margin into their Margin Accounts. If users hold outstanding liabilities of said tokens, these users may only manually transfer up to the amount of liabilities of that token into their Margin Accounts, less any collateral already available. At 2026-04-08 06:00 (UTC) , Binance Margin will suspend borrowings on the aforementioned cross margin token(s) and isolated margin pair(s).&nbsp; At 2026-04-10 06:00 (UTC) , Binance Margin will close users’ positions, conduct an automatic settlement, and cancel all pending orders on the aforementioned isolated margin pair(s), which will then be removed from isolated margin. At 2026-04-10 06:00 (UTC) , if users hold both collateral and liabilities of the aforementioned token(s) on cross margin , the collateral will be used to repay the respective liabilities. If there are remaining collateral or liabilities of the aforementioned token(s), one of two options below will occur: If users only hold the aforementioned token(s) in the form of collateral :&nbsp; If the Collateral Margin Level (CML) is above 2 , the aforementioned token(s) will be transferred to users’ Spot Accounts, up to the point when the CML reaches 2. The remaining token(s) in their Cross Margin accounts that are to be delisted will then be fully sold .&nbsp; If the CML is below 2 , the remaining token(s) in users’ Cross Margin Accounts that are to be delisted will be fully sold .&nbsp; If users only hold the aforementioned token(s) in the form of liabilities : If CML is at or above 2 , pending orders will not be affected.&nbsp; If the CML is below 2 , all pending orders in their Cross Margin Accounts will be canceled.&nbsp; The system will then sell other collateral tokens to buy and fully repay the delisting token(s)’ liabilities. Please note that users will not be able to update their positions during the delisting process, which may take approximately 3 hours. Users are strongly advised to close their positions and/or transfer their assets from Margin Accounts to Spot Accounts prior to the cessation of margin trading. Binance will not be responsible for any potential losses. Portfolio Margin If the aforementioned token(s) remain in the Portfolio Margin Account after 2026-04-10 06:00 (UTC), they will be automatically liquidated. The delisted margin assets will be sold for USDT, or other stablecoins supported in local countries, and the proceeds will be added to the user's Portfolio Margin balance. Binance is not liable for any losses incurred. Portfolio Margin users are advised to transfer the aforementioned token(s) out of their Margin Accounts to their Spot Accounts and to top up their margin balance before 2026-04-10 06:00 (UTC) where applicable. Users should monitor the Unified Maintenance Margin Ratio (uniMMR) closely to avoid any potential liquidation that may result from the removal of the aforementioned token(s) from the Margin Account.&nbsp; Please Note: For futures perpetual contracts, please refer to the relevant Futures announcements. Refer to this FAQ for more information on how any remaining balances of the aforementioned token(s) in Portfolio Margin users’ Margin Accounts will be treated. Note : There may be discrepancies between this original content in English and any translated versions. Please refer to the original English version for the most accurate information, in case any discrepancies arise. Guides &amp; Related Materials: Delistings, Swap, and Rebranding on Binance Margin How to Transfer Funds to My Binance Margin Account What is Margin Auto-Transfer Mode and How to Use It Thank you for your support! Binance Team 2026-04-07