Note: Please do your own research before making any trades for the aforementioned token outside Binance to avoid any scams and ensure safety of your funds. This is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may not be available in your region. &nbsp; Fellow Binancians, Binance will list Chip (CHIP) and open trading for the following spot trading pairs at 2026-04-21 13:30 (UTC) . New Spot Trading Pairs: CHIP /USDT, CHIP /USDC and CHIP /TRY.&nbsp; Users can start depositing CHIP in preparation for trading now. Withdrawals will open at 2026-04-22 13:30 (UTC) . Listing Fee: 0 BNB. Chip Smart Contract: Arbitrum (0x0c1c1c109fe34733fca54b82d7b46b75cfb71f6e) An additional 75,000,000 CHIP will be allocated for future marketing campaigns. Details will be shown in separate announcements. *Please note that CHIP will be available on Binance Alpha and can be traded on Binance Alpha (time will be announced later). However, once spot trading opens, CHIP will no longer be showcased on Binance Alpha. Users who hold CHIP in their Binance Alpha Accounts can continue to sell the token by using Alpha instant within one hour after spot trading opens, but their orders and trading volumes will no longer be counted towards Binance Alpha Points . Notes: TRY is fiat currency and does not represent any other digital currencies; TRY pairs will only be available for users who also have verified Binance TR accounts. Key highlights for Binance Alpha users: Users can transfer their CHIP from Binance Alpha Accounts to Spot Accounts 15 minutes before spot trading starts. CHIP will be delisted from Binance Alpha when spot trading opens on Binance Spot. Users will be able to continue to sell CHIP via Binance Alpha.&nbsp; After CHIP is delisted from Binance Alpha, users can still view their CHIP balance on their Binance Alpha Accounts, and transfer them to Spot Accounts to continue trading on Binance Spot. Binance will transfer CHIP from users’ Binance Alpha Accounts to Spot Accounts within 24 hours. Binance Alpha serves as a pre-listing token selection pool. Once a project featured on Binance Alpha is listed on Binance Spot, asset(s) will no longer be showcased on Binance Alpha. The seed tag will be applied to CHIP.&nbsp; The withdrawal open time is an estimated time for users’ reference. Users can view the actual status of withdrawals on the withdrawal page. Spot Algo Orders will also be enabled for the aforementioned pairs at 2026-04-21 13:30 (UTC) , while Trading Bots &amp; Spot Copy Trading will be enabled within 24 hours of it being listed on Spot. For users with running Spot Copy Trading portfolios, pairs can be included by enabling them in the [Personal Pair Preference] section of the Spot Copy Trading settings. There may be discrepancies in the translated version of this original article in English. Please reference this original version for the latest or most accurate information where any discrepancies may arise. What Is Chip/USD.AI? A permissionless lending protocol built to finance AI infrastructure. The protocol enables GPU operators to tokenize their hardware as collateral and access financing instantaneously. Important Notes CHIP is a relatively new token that poses a higher than normal risk, and will likely be subject to high price volatility. Users must exercise sufficient risk management and DYOR (do your own research) to fully understand the project before opting to trade the token. Seed tags represent innovative projects that may exhibit higher volatility and risks compared to other listed tokens. Seed tag will be applied to CHIP . To gain trading access to tokens marked with seed tag, users will need to pass the corresponding quizzes every 90 days on the Binance Spot and/or Binance Margin platforms, and accept the Terms of Use . The quizzes are set up to ensure users are aware of the risks before trading the tokens with the Seed Tags. Users may find seed tags on the corresponding Binance Spot and Binance Margin trading pages, as well as on the Markets Overview page. A risk warning banner will also be displayed for all tokens with the Seed Tags.&nbsp; Additional Information Chip/USD.AI Website Binance Trading Fees Binance Trading Parameters &nbsp;Trading of the aforementioned new trading pair(s) is subject to eligibility based on the user's country or region of residence. Please note that the list of restricted countries provided below may be changed from time to time, due to mandatory changes in applicable laws and regulations, or other changes relevant to the trading eligibility of these new trading pair(s). Users need to complete account verification to participate in the trading of these new trading pair(s). Currently, users residing in the following countries or regions will not be able to trade the above-mentioned spot trading pairs: Canada, Cuba, Crimea Region, Iran, Netherlands, North Korea, Syria, United States of America and its territories (American Samoa, Guam, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, the U.S. Virgin Islands), and any non-government controlled areas of Ukraine. Please note that this list may be updated periodically to accommodate changes in legal, regulatory, or other factors. Thank you for your support! Binance Team 2026-04-21&nbsp; USDC is an e-money token issued by Circle Internet Financial Europe SAS (https://www.circle.com/). USDC’s whitepaper is available here . You may contact Circle using the following contact information: +33(1)59000130 and EEA-Customer-Support@circle.com.&nbsp; Holders of USDC have a legal claim against Circle SAS as the EU issuer of USDC. These holders are entitled to request redemption of their USDC from Circle SAS. Such redemption will be made at any time and at par value.